- implement some caching so we're not always trying to pull steam games on each view
- store images/paths? for non-steam games
- show images for non steam games (if we have them)
- pull in cover images from amazon if we're not already storing them
- allow rating by clicking stars (ala Netflix) if an admin is logged in
 o only allow admin user to update ratings
- allow admin to toggle play_status

=== Release v0.3 ===

- check out backloggery.com

--- Major Backlog ---
High level requirements:
Lists of Stuff

--books
currently reading
part of a book group?
trim white space from search strings
ratings
--movies
ratings?
integration with Netflix?
integration with IMDB
--board games
favorites
integration with BGG?
ratings
--videogames
currently playing
ratings
things out on loan
when on loan, have an indicator (grayed out, name of loanee drawn on cover, etc.)
steam games
 o API integration
friends that have the same game(s)
--Recipes
General thoughts.
Construct the lists as a generic list of items. Making items and extending them into books, video games, movies, etc. will allow us to reuse a lot of the similar characteristics (title, purchase price, rating, etc.) while still allowing us to add specific properties such as platform, format (dvd, blu-ray), etc.
 
It might be good to kind of bootstrap the collection by importing a CSV or XML file from some other application/system. Long term we need to think about entry. It would be awesome to be able to use a webcam to scan barcodes!


make the content visible only when logged in
make the entry as easy/complicated as somebody wants. just UPC, maybe a manual mode with just the essentials, etc.
Users/Groups/Authentication

Facebook integration
google integration?
openid?
Book groups

support multiple user discussion
access books in a user’s booklist
calendar for when to meet, when to post
reminder system if haven’t posted “on time”
support multiple book groups going, all with different users
 

Action items:

Home Page
Remove/Replace graphic ‘BlakMagic’.
Remove RSS feed link. (done)
Review http://www.collectorz.com/ and see if we can use it for db collection or build our own.
Book Discussion
Add Now Reading Reloaded to right hand side (done)
Fix search and login buttons (done)
 